Readme fixes (#73)
mschauer/ZigZagBoomerang.jl: README.md

Joris Bierken's [Overview over Piecewise Deterministic Monte Carlo](https://diamweb.ewi.tudelft.nl/~joris/pdmps.html) together with our announcement on Discourse [[ANN] `ZigZagBoomerang.jl`](https://discourse.julialang.org/t/ann-zigzagboomerang-jl/57287) is a good starting point for the theory and applications of the methods covered in  `ZigZagBoomerang.jl`.

## Features

*Subsampling.* One highlight is that these samplers do not introduce error by allowing subsampling of data. This is because they just need an unbiased estimate of the gradient of the log densities to sample from a target distribution. [1]

The factorised samplers make use of a sparse Gaussian approximation of the target density (in form of a sparse precision matrix `Γ`).

*Local factorised samplers*. ZigZag and the factorised Boomerang can optionally make use of the sparsity of the gradient of the log density, see `spdmp`. [3]
 
*Sticky samplers.* A recent feature is the addition of *sticky* PDMPs for variable selection (order 10000s of variables for well structured problems.), see `sspdmp`. [4]

*Multithreaded Zig-Zag*. We are currently developing a multi-threaded version of the local Zig-Zag.

> *Probabilistic program for PDMPs*. The current most notable limitation of PDMPs is the challenges on implementing the algorithm. We are currently working on a ready-to-use algorithm and a probablisitc interface with the aim of making PDMP methods more accecible for users.

Author: ```suggestion
*Probabilistic programming with PDMPs*. One challenge with PDMPs is their less familiar theory compared to Markov chains. We strive to provide  a ready-to-use sampler suitable as backend for other packages with the aim of making PDMP methods more accecible for users.
```
